---
layout: post
title:  Week 26 Meeting
date:   2021-07-01 14:43:00 +0100
categories: meetings
author:
- Aquarist Labs
---

* General
   * [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/17](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/17)
       * Alex will close on Friday, please acknowledge

* Backend
   * Exciting chicken-and-egg problems dealing with hostname setting / booting
     from RAM disk (fixed now)
   * Speculation about local cache + ceph pool / librados for storing aquarium
     info instead of etcd (Tim interested in looking at this)
   * Mike looking at RGW stuff. Some care needs to be taken when updating to
     latest/next Pacific container due to breaking changes.
   * Joao curious to see if we can pick up on new container images that come
     inside a new aquarium ramdisk image, depending on what's in the system
     disk and how the overlaying works - need to test/verify
   * Milestone 5 on Jul 30th

* Frontend
   * Done
       * glass: Improve error message -
         [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/598](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/598)
   * Open PR
       * gravel/glass: user management -
         [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/578](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/578)
       * glass: cypress playground -
         [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/584](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/584)

* Testing
   * [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/584](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/584)
       * Kyr mentioned he has issues running the PR (setup of cypress) in the
         VMs, Laura and Kyr investigating

* Any other business
   * SUSE Expert Forum Online on Jul 14th: Lars to talk about Aquarium briefly
     (in German)
       * [https://more.suse.com/ExpertForum\_Jul.html](https://more.suse.com/ExpertForum\_Jul.html)

* AI
