---
layout: post
title:  Week 22 Meeting
date:   2021-06-01 12:35:00 +0100
categories: meetings
author:
- Aquarist Labs
---

* General
   * Action items from last week:
       * Regular testing meeting
           * Update?
               * Laura: IIRC the suggestion was to have the "testing" (sync) meeting as part of the Aquarium meetings - that's why I cancelled the "extra" testing sync meeting again (let me know if I should set it up again, in case we want to/should have this as an extra meeting). But IMHO we should have at least one meeting (hopefully next week, when Kyr is also back from vacation) to discuss the testing plan and chat about assigning tasks/creating further testing related tasks)
       * Testing plan for Aquarium
           * [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/16](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/16) (thank you for starting this, Josh)
   * Assigning tasks
       * Who is working on what? Round table

* Backend
   * Initial support for persistent system disk
       * currently selecting, partitioning, formatting, mounting
       * single-node only at the moment, multi-node support coming soon
       * system disk automatically selected based on size and type (ssd or hdd)
           * to be offered as a solution to the frontend, allow the user to modify suggested solution
   * modified location of image build stuff, got rid of mentions to 'microOS', moved all to `images/aquarium/`.

* Frontend
   * Merged
       * gravel/glass: rename 'reservation' to 'allocation', reflect change on widget - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/525](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/525)
       * glass: Specify hostname (before bootstrap or joining) - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/515](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/515)
       * glass: show devices step before deploying cluster - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/509](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/509)
       * glass: Upgrade to Angular 12 - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/507](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/507)
   * Review in progress
       * glass: allow entering service's required capacity with keyboard, in addition to slider - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/527](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/527)
       * glass: Fix error state issue in token control - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/524](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/524)
       * glass: Remove duplicate subtitle in forms - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/528](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/528)

* Testing
   * (Laura) No updates from my side since last week, sorry
       * recreating my e2e testframework PR based on [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/507](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/507)

* Any other business
   * Ceph month!
       * [https://pad.ceph.com/p/ceph-month-june-2021](https://pad.ceph.com/p/ceph-month-june-2021)
       * Alex S. and Joao talking about Aquarium - __June 16th 9:00 ET / 15:00 CEST__
