---
layout: post
title:  Week 25 Meeting
date:   2021-06-24 12:30:00 +0100
categories: meetings
author:
- Aquarist Labs
---

* General
   * Opinions! [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/17](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/17)
       * Please either: React to show you have viewed and acknowledged (emoji
         is fine), respond with your thoughts and opinions (preferable)

* Backend
   * aquarium running on an actual server \o/
   * default to having eth0 DHCP, so aquarium can be accessed, need to add
     means for user to configure remaining NICs
       * Will need bonding in the future
       * Could eventually be picked up from seed cluster?
   * Do we need to run our own DHCP server somewhere in the future?
       * How to avoid stepping on the existing DHCP servers the customer has?
       * Required for PXE boot

* Frontend
   * Done
       * glass: add devices step to join wizzard -
         [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/577](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/577)
       * glass: fix 2 minor linting issues -
         [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/579](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/579)
       * gravel: setting hostname must update state -
         [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/570](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/570)
       * gravel: pass hostname as parameters to deploy \& join (part 1) -
         [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/575](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/575)
   * In progress
       * [WIP] gravel/glass: user management - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/578](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/578)
       * glass/gravel: remove a service - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/issues/573](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/issues/573)

* Testing
   * [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/16](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/16)
       * Josh opened a PR to move this into code. Future improvements should be
         made there:
         [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/583](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/583)

* Any other business
   * Improve meeting minutes -
     [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarist-labs.github.io/pull/42](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarist-labs.github.io/pull/42)

* AI
