---
layout: post
title:  Week 24 Meeting
date:   2021-06-21 12:35:00 +0100
categories: meetings
author:
- Aquarist Labs
---

* General
   * What should Aquarium have opinions on?
       * [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/17](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/17)
       * Please provide your feedback and thoughts. Everything is helpful, nothing is wrong - even if you're talking about what was wrong with SES/Ceph - it all counts

* Backend
   * Milestone 5
       * [https://etherpad.opensuse.org/p/aquarium-roadmap-20210506](https://etherpad.opensuse.org/p/aquarium-roadmap-20210506)
       * Backend needs refactoring to deal with addition of second node
       * User management
       * HTTPS support
       * NFS HA is still a WIP upstream -> M6
       * RGW HA
   * PXE image type? [https://documentation.suse.com/kiwi/9/html/kiwi/building-types.html#kis](https://documentation.suse.com/kiwi/9/html/kiwi/building-types.html#kis)

* Frontend
   * 99% of the M4 issues have been solved.
   * PRs done
       * glass: Add capacity dashboard widget - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/issues/486](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/issues/486)
       * gravel/glass: NTP configuration follower nodes - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/558](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/558)
       * glass: Add 'autofocus' directive - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/556](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/556)
       * glass: Updates language assets - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/545](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/545) - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/569](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/569)
   * PRs in progress
       * glass: replace protractor with cypress - [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/416](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarium/pull/416)

* Testing
   * Everyone please review: [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/16](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/forum/discussions/16)
       * Comment, react, whatever - just let me know that you've seen it

* Any other business
   * Can [https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarist-labs.github.io/pulls](https://github.com/aquarist-labs/aquarist-labs.github.io/pulls) be merged? - What about Travis?
       * Kyr is looking into getting GH Actions or something to replace Travis

* AI